hi everyone and Shelly today we'll be
making fluffy buttermilk pancakes for
the full recipe please refer to the
description box below so now let's get
started first we need to make our own
homemade buttermilk pouring 1 tbsp of
vinegar into 1 cups of milk and give you
a quick stir and let it rest for 10
minutes before using in a large bowl
melt 2 tablespoon of butter in 2 tbsp of
sugar crack in 1/8 and give it a quick
whisk pouring 1 cups of all-purpose
flour 1 and 1/2 teaspoon of baking
powder half teaspoon of baking soda
quarter teaspoon of salt and lastly our
homemade buttermilk
and we skate do not overmix it
once we are done let the batter rest for
five minute
I'm using quarter cups measure for
making one pancake normally for pancake
I do not grease my cooking pans if you
want a greasy is fine once you saw
bubbles appearing on the surface you can
flick to the other side
I'll panky is done see it's very fluffy
and moist at the same time yummy thank
you for watching see you next time bye